♪ I see it clear ♪
♪ The stairway reaching
up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
♪♪
♪ Tell me something, how much
higher can we go from here ♪
♪ We're changing the game ♪
♪ And they all wanna know
if this is only a phase ♪
♪ Don't have the answer
but we keep on climbing ♪
♪ Breaking boundaries
and setting the pace ♪
♪ And we ain't
never gonna stop ♪
♪ Until the world's our stage ♪
♪ Yeah, you might say
that it's impossible ♪
♪ But we are stronger together,
we'll turn it into probable ♪
♪ And in the darkest shadows
we'll be shining, unh ♪
♪ So hold on tight 'cause we KO
every single fight ♪
♪ I see it clear ♪
♪ The stairway reaching
up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
♪ No turning back ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪♪
♪ I'm not gonna fall ♪
♪ I'll rise 'till
I reach the sky ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
[ Eagle screeches ]
♪♪
Administrator: I knew you'd
return to me eventually.
He who opened the doors
on his own.
♪♪
[ Water hissing ]
[ Grunts ]
You always look so tasty.
Oh, do I?
Now then...
Do you know
what you desire?
Huh?
This is your last chance,
the last opportunity
you'll have to reach the top
of the tower.
[ Gasps ]
Bam.
Huh?
Did The Guardian
approve your request?
He's allowing Rachel and I
to take the test.
After that, The decision
is in your hands, Director.
Well, Rachel, consider yourself
extremely fortunate.
Now then, let's begin
the final test, shall we?
♪♪
Rachel: It's beautiful.
Hansung: In this test, you will
be hunting underwater.
You say hunting?
Oh, I'll hunt
and I'll hunt
some more until I --
You're the ones
being hunted.
What?
If you keep interrupting,
he'll shrink you again.
Huh?
Bam and Rachel
will be the fish hunted
and rounded up by net dolphins.
[ Gasps ]
This is a net dolphin.
They hunt and gather food
once a day
to serve their
net dolphin queen.
Net dolphins use Shinsu
to create nets,
hence the name.
They use them
to trap nearby fish.
Bam and Rachel will both
be entering a bubble
made of Shinsu.
If they are eaten
along with the fish
and subsequently spat
back out onto dry land,
then you will have
passed the test.
Okay, so the dolphins
are the ones
bringing Bam and Rachel
to the queen.
Is that right?
That's correct.
Then I don't really see
what her job is here.
In the natural world and ours,
There are always those who eat
and those who are eaten.
The goblins haven't moved,
and I haven't seen any pigs yet.
Barnacle goblins employ
the use of giant wetworms
in order to steal
the catch of fish
gathered by the net dolphins.
If Bam and Rachel
are eaten by a worm,
you automatically fail.
Worth mentioning,
the barnacle goblins
and wetworms enemy
is the striped earthpig?
Narae: It kind of looks like
Rak, don't you think?
Rak: What?
What when the dolphin
sense the pigs
nearby, the they flee
out of fear of they'll be eaten.
So, our job in this challenge
is to make sure
the dolphins can hunt
freely without pigs,
worms or goblins.
We just need to obliterate
those three predators, right?
That would be correct.
Oh, and one more thing.
Prey you don't encounter
the bull.
Khun: The bull?
A monster that consumes
everything
it can sense moving.
Even rankers cower
in fear at the mention of it.
Something that awful
is real.
[ Grunts ]
It's your last chance
to reconsider.
I won't.
I trust my teammates.
It's going to be okay.
Our teammates are strong,
smart and capable.
They'll protect us.
You're right.
[ Net dolphins squeaking ]
Khun: You can't search
underground using lighthouses.
Our only option is
to fortify the surface spots.
You guys keep an eye
on the Goblin's movements
Spear bearers, observed
from a high vantage point.
Keep an eye out for worms.
[ Grunts ]
Shibisu, you guys keep the pigs
from attacking the dolphins.
There's no you guys.
The two princesses
totally abandoned me.
Narae, you --
You just sit tight.
Got it.
Another odd test
you've chosen there, Director.
You think so?
You don't think there
was probably a quicker
and easier way to do this?
He's somehow brought all this
together and made it work
in such a short amount
of time.
I always try to stay
10 steps ahead.
That's bad ass.
I'm pretty impressed, Director.
Evan, is this in your job
description?
Evan: It can't be helped.
The only way to enter
the testing area unnoticed
is to jump from way up here.
In that case.,,
[ Grunts ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Screams ]
...after you.
Why are you the worst?!
Rachel: That Yuri woman
was the one who gave you
the Black March?
Yeah.
I told her about you,
and she lent it to me.
I need to apologize to her,
considering how the Black March
is in an Ox position now.
[ Chuckles ] It really seems
like you're having fun.
Oh, yeah?
[ Net dolphins squeaking ]
♪♪
[ Sighs ] I feel so anxious
for no reason.
I'm not doing anything,
but I'm still losing HP.
Hey, Shibisu.
Yeah.
When you signed on for this,
you knew there was
a huge risk
in taking this test.
Hmm.
I wonder, why are
you helping Bam?
[ Chuckles ] The hag said
something to me.
It was after Ho's funeral,
[ Gasps ]
The reason Bam
shines so bright...
Is because he's still got
everything important
that was ripped away
from the rest of us
before we climbed the tower.
Shibisu: Honestly, I'm kind
of jealous of Bam.
But I still -- I don't ever
want him to lose his shine.
♪♪
I don't want what matters
most to Bam
to be taken from him
like it was for us.
Hmm.
You're a good guy, Shibisu.
Hey, I'm only trying
to live up to you.
[ Chuckles ]
Khun, can you hear me?
-- have vanished.
-[ Gasps ]
Vanished?
What do you mean by that?
Something's not right.
Be careful.
I sensed a strange
bloodlust earlier, too.
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
[ Growls ]
Guys, the bull!
-[ Gasps ]
The bull, it's here!
♪♪
Rachel: Did you ever imagine
something like this?
What?
Back when we stared
at the roof of the cave,
did you imagine
we'd end up here?
[ Bull growls ]
♪♪
I did.
[ Gasps ]
Even in the future,
I dreamt.
I always knew that someday
I'd end up here with you.
[ Net dolphin squeaking ]
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
Khun: Shibisu, get out of there.
Yeah, I really wish
I could do that.
♪♪
[ Bull growls ]
But if I don't stay
and protect them,
this jerk's going to have
our little net dolphins
for lunch.
♪♪
[ Growls ]
Hey, try me!
I'm delicious!
[ Growls ]
♪♪
[ Sighs ] Even the bull
totally ignores me.
I'm counting on you, Serena.
[ Screams ]
♪♪
Take this!
[ Grunts ]
Nailed it.
[ Growls ]
[ Grunts ]
Huh?
[ Growling ]
[ Roars ]
[ Panicking ]
On second thought,
I'm actually really gamey.
[ Grunts ]
[ Shrieks ]
♪♪
Hey, you dumb bull.
You'd be better off
not eating this one.
She's right.
He'd only give you
an upset stomach.
Two princesses
of a Jahad came to save me?
Of course not.
I just wanted to play with
that cute little cow over there.
Nice try there,
but the bull is mine.
Keep your horns
out of my way.
[ Bull growls ]
Hmm.
Yo, this is no time
to be fighting!
[ Grunts ]
♪♪
Hey,
what about we make a bet?
I'm listening.
[ Grunts ]
♪♪
We'll take turns
fighting the bull
for five minutes
at a time.
If I manage
to defeat the bull,
I get to take all
the 13 Month Series weapons.
And what if I defeat it?
[ Chuckles ] I'll be your
faithful servant
the rest of my life.
[ Growling ]
[ Chuckles ]
Rak: Damn it.
[ Ground thudding ]
I want
to let loose the fight
and fight
the stupid ball, too
What an incredibly
bizarre alligator.
Hey, Paracel.
It's Paracule.
I'm slowly dying of boredom.
Do a trick or something,
or I'll bite
your dumb green head off.
That's an unsettling prospect.
Hatz: Spear Bearers, get ready.
The goblins are making a move,
and they brought friends.
Khun: Hatz, figure out
what the goblins are up to.
Spear bearers,
wait for my signal.
We'll ambush them.
Don't deviate from the plan.
If we miss
this one chance, it's over.
I'm counting on you this time,
revolutionary.
[ Energy humming ]
Rachel, look at that.
I'm assuming this must be
the dolphins net.
You're not afraid
in the slightest, Bam. Are you?
Huh?
Well, we're about
to be eaten by a monster.
I am,
but if I acted scared,
wouldn't that just
make you anxious?
[ Gasps ]
[ Laughs ]
Rachel, what's wrong?
Look at you acting all cool
and heroic
[ Chuckles ]
Just like old times.
The dolphins already
set their net?
Damn it, once they
go underground,
we'll have no idea
what they're doing.
Narae: Ah, um, Khun?
Hmm?
What is it?
Um, I -- I think
that maybe...
I think I might be able
to find the way.
Tick tock. Tick tock.
Tick tock.
Would You shut up.
[ Grunting ]
[ Bull growling ]
Hey, watch it.
If you've got a problem,
tell it to --.
Huh?
[ Groans ]
Oh, crap.
[ Chuckles ]
What is this slimy thing?
It's disgusting.
[ Bull snarling ]
How cute.
You think you've caught me.
[ Grunts ]
[ Bull growls ]
She's good.
[ Scoffs ]
It's already been four minutes.
Well, I hate to say it,
but you might not end up
getting to take
a crack at him.
[ Bull growls ]
Huh?
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
Hey!
Five, four, three, two, one.
Jeez,
what a big scaredy cat.
Your five minutes are up.
Now it's my turn
Anaak, come back!
My five minutes aren't up!
No, I didn't mean that.
[ Sighs ]
These girls are driving me
up a damn wall.
[ Munching ]
♪♪
[ Gulps ]
You fools fell for my trap.
[ Squeaking ]
♪♪
Oh, wow.
There really is
a path underground.
You were right, Khun.
You're an anima
who controls divine seafish?
I never mentioned it
because she's not a fighter.
She mainly just searches the
surrounding area with her sonar.
Khun: That's amazing.
You should have told us.
Well, no one likes
a show off.
Hmm?
Is that what do you think?
I'll head back after searching
the area a little more.
Hey, Narae.
Yes.
Our Anima capable of
controlling any kind of animal?
Like, for example,
net dolphins or the bull.
Sorry, not at my level.
But I bet a Ranker
could probably do it.
Oh, I see.
Khun?
♪♪
Endorsi: Hey, Betsy.
Come on out,
you stupid cow.
♪♪
Hmm?
[ Roars ]
Oh.
[ Grunts ]
[ Roars ]
What the hell?
♪♪
I didn't think a cow
can move so fast.
♪♪
[ Groans ]
Damn it.
[ Grunts ]
What's going on?
You're so much stronger.
♪♪
[ Grunting ]
Let go.
[ Groans ]
♪♪
What is it you're so desperately
searching for, Anaak Jahad?
Who are you?
Surprised?
Whatever.
Stay out of my way.
I'm in a hurry.
[ Laughs ]
How valiant.
Just like a knock, Anaak Jahad,
the late one, I should say.
[ Gasps ]
What did you say?
Please.
What did you just say?
Nice to meet you.
I am Ren,
Royal Enforcement Division,
unit number 67, an enemy
for all intents and purposes.
♪♪
That necklace,
why do you have it?
Who knows?
[ Laughs ]
I wonder why.
Give it back.
Well, well, you can activate
the Green April,
despite not being
a legitimate princess.
That belonged
to my mother.
Give it back!
♪♪
Whoa, That many can't possibly
be a good sign, can it?
Little turtle,
can we attack yet?
Khun: Not yet? We're going to
try strategy for now.
Hold position and don't act
until I say you can.
[ Grunts ]
Bam: The Guardian
asked me something.
Hmm?
What I wanted
at the top of the tower.
Huh?
And the first thing
that immediately
came to mind
was your face.
And the thing I saw
after that was the cafeteria.
The cafeteria?
Yeah.
All of us
just eating and smiling
Before I could speak,
the Guardian said very well.
Then he up and disappeared
just like that.
Huh.
♪♪
You're amazing, Bam.
[ Laughs ]
♪♪
Time to die!
[ Grunts ]
♪♪
[ Chuckles ]
Damn you to hell!
[ Groans ]
♪♪
How very disappointing,
but what can you expect.
A princess with tainted blood
can't live up to the real thing?
Oh, yeah,
now that's the spirit.
[ Giggles ]
You little thief.
♪♪
Hey, about now?
The black turtle's
gonna get eaten any second.
Be patient.
It's almost time.
[ Screaming ]
Huh?
Hatz, head back to
the Spear Bearers.
You're right,
there are too many.
I can't take them on my own.
♪♪
Paracule.
Sorry,
my arm moved on its own.
[ Goblins scream ]
What have you done?
We have to move.
What the hell
were you thinking?
Sorry!
[ Grunting ]
Crawl, baby, crawl.
Come on, little princess.
[ Laughs ]
You're almost there.
You can do it.
Oh, too bad.
Better luck next time.
If you're chosen
to simply live in peace
instead of trying
to get revenge,
then none of this
would have happened.
Shut up.
You rended your mother's death
absolutely pointless.
[ Grunting ]
[ Power humming ]
♪♪
But honestly,
killing you now
wouldn't be much fun at all,
would it?
[ Laughs ]
[ Grunts ]
Now it's time to bring out
our very special guest of honor.
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
It's -- it's you.
So, you're still alive.
Hold on. Are you the one
controlling the bull?
Ding, ding, ding.
[ Laughs ]
Give the girl
a prize.
From the start,
this entire underwater ruse
was put together
just to take care of you.
♪♪
You're the tower's trash,
the enemy of Jahad.
Your very birth was an affront
to him, abomination.
Here you go, princess.
It's your one chance
to redeem yourself.
Kill that imposter
over there.
Kill the enemy
of King Jahad.
Finally make your father.
[ Laughs ]
♪♪
Bam: We're almost there,
right, Rachel?
♪♪
Yeah.
♪ Where you going? ♪
♪ It's hard to keep up ♪
♪ You're moving so fast
leaving me behind ♪
♪ Give me an hour ♪
♪ That's all I need ♪
♪ It's now or never ♪
♪ I'm running out of time ♪
♪ The seconds are relentless, ♪
♪ I'm helpless as
they keep flying by ♪
♪ Stuck here in the desert, I
feel like I'm in an hourglass ♪
♪ Maybe I can stay and be
comfortable living in the past ♪
♪ But I don't wanna be alone
so can you take me to you now ♪
♪ Too fast, I try to follow
but I'm losing hope ♪
♪ We used to walk together down
this winding road ♪
♪ But you're so far ahead it
seems impossible to catch up ♪
♪ And now I'm walking
on my way ♪
♪ All alone
I'm feeling so cold ♪
♪ Not getting anywhere,
I feel like I'm in slow mode ♪
♪ Used to be a winner ♪
♪ Everything was all black
and white ♪
♪ Now I'm bottom of the pile,
a dusty photo ♪
♪ I'm afraid I'm gonna
be left stranded by myself ♪
♪ All the foolish dreams
I had inside of me are broken ♪
♪ Everything I wanted in the
distance out of reach ♪
♪ Am I the only one that's gonna
stay here forgotten, ey ♪
♪♪